I need to find Billy Donovan.
He'll be on the run now.
Previously on Ride or Die...
Billy Donovan's passport flagged
this evening at a private airport.
Flight path is headed
toward northern Spain.
where he has a safe house.
So. if we stay on this road...
-They stole my $24 million.
-Oh. shit.
Go find them.
A front for an assassination agency.
What part
of this is difficult?
Eliminate the problem.
They found us!
-We have to get off now.
-What do you mean. "get off"?
You mean jump?
I don't normally do
this kind of thing.
Well. if you want to do
this kind of thing again.
let me know.
I can put my number in your phone.
Oh. fuck.
He's alive.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Thank you. Reverend Mother.
for taking the time.
We find that. after a certain age.
it becomes very hard to leave the system.
Sorry. Reverend Mother.
Those who are too young
to remember their time with us
have the highest chance of being chosen.
Don't be offended
if she won't speak to you.
She's... difficult.
Not everything is in the file.
The behavior has intensified
since she was returned.
-Returned?
-All our children dream of being chosen.
When they're adopted and sent back.
they all of them have a part missing.
Hope.
Hello.
May I sit?
Four counts of arson. three of theft.
two of grand larceny.
one of breaking and entering.
one of resisting arrest.
And yet. I'm told.
you have an exceptional IQ.
Who taught you French?
Taught myself.
It's not hard.
How long have you been here?
On and off. my whole life.
"After a certain age.
it's very hard for them
to leave the system."
Nobody wants to adopt someone like me.
Well...
I don't want to adopt you.
No shit.
But I would like to offer you
a scholarship.
To what?
Vocational program for gifted children.
There would be an intense
athletics training. languages.
a new form of education.
very strict routine...
Why me?
Do you know what I see in you?
Disregard for authority.
sociopathic tendencies...
Potential.
I think you could become someone
extraordinary.
No thanks.
Okay.
That's it?
Yeah.
That's it.
I understand that you were...
returned.
It's an unforgivable thing
to do to a child.
No one in my program
is ever returned.
Get back here now. girl!
Yes. please.
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ and I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
Put him on.
No. I'm not asking. Do it. now.
Hello. Whiptail.
Don't do this.
-Don't kill Debbie.
-I didn't do this.
You did this.
She's not going to talk.
She's not going to say anything.
Please. would you please
take the hit off her.
Everyone you send for her will die.
Oh. that. you've made very clear.
You violated our rules and killed
one of our own to protect a civilian.
Who is this Debbie Claybourne to you?
Do not lie to me.
She's...
Say it.
She's my friend.
Did I teach you nothing?
Emotional attachments make us vulnerable.
You cannot survive the work we do.
the life we have built. with a...
friend.
But I-I… I did it.
I did it. I have.
You-you didn't know anything about her.
-You didn't know she existed.
-Yet here we are.
Now I know about her
and she knows about me.
Go. then. Choose your friend.
I'll remove the order.
But you're out on your own.
No.
No. no. please.
I'll do the job.
I'm-I'm gonna take care of Billy Donovan.
Make a choice. Her or me.
Complete the job.
You have 24 hours or you're out.
Okay. we have...
seven euro. 40 cents.
One pink Mento...
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
Did David reply?
No. Nothing. But I can see
he's reading them.
"I know about the Albanians."
Please. now.
you give back phone?
Gracias.
What...?
You killed all those people.
Yes.
Oh. you did this to me.
No. I very neatly tranquillized you.
You did it to yourself.
You got so scared you ran into the wall
and knocked yourself unconscious.
What... what do you want?
What do you call your wife?
What?
Your wife. What do you call her
when you're home alone. cuddling up?
Your pet name or whatever.
Your wife?
D. D. I call her D.
Mm. I like that.
Wait. what are you... What...
Are you talking to my wife?
Are you talking to Debbie? Debbie!
"The less I know the better"?
-"The less I know the better"?
-Prick.
What a prick.
-He blocked me. He actually blocked me..
-What?
We need to find Billy now.
Let me see that.
How much?
Jacques Boucher. Interpol.
Uh. we were not expecting you. sir.
We. uh. have the scene under control.
The train crossed international lines.
Show me.
We have not moved the body.
Forensics are on the way.
We have. uh. counted for all passengers.
All except for two women.
A Veronica Gillingsby
and a Susan Stewart.
They boarded in Calais.
We have no record of them getting off.
-Where do you think they went?
-We don't know.
There was some sort of fight.
No witnesses.
But as you can see...
Fuckin' hell.
I'm fucked. I am totally fucked.
I work for a clandestine
assassination agency.
and I brought a woman from a bar
home to my apartment.
That-That's. like. 101.
They literally teach
an entire seminar on this.
I got Red Sparrowed.
Look. you are spiraling. okay?
Uh. this software she put on your phone...
I have never seen anything like it.
Whoever this woman is.
she's a fucking pro.
-They're gonna kill me.
-Okay.
So. we won't tell them.
-We?
-Yeah. we. Look. if you're dead.
I can't get my meeting with the director.
She must have left something.
like fingerprints.
DNA. Did she touch anything?
Besides... you know.
I'm not doing your dishes.
She had a coffee.
Oh. Way to go. kid.
Incredibly lucky I didn't run
the three-hour silent eco-wash last night.
I'll get these prints back ASAP.
Oh.
Maybe this is Whiptail.
Been trying to reach her all night.
Go for Sam.
Wait. um. slow down. What?
Yeah. um...
Yeah. no. I'm coming in.
The agency sent an assassin
after Whiptail's friend.
And what happened?
What do you think happened?
Uh. uh. it's just some trinkets
for my grandkids.
Yeah. the passports
of the missing women.
Veronica Gillingsby.
Who are you?
No. I tell you. there are no hotel rooms.
W-We have cash. I made-I made
€4.000 selling my wedding rings.
Minus the cost of two coffees.
two terracotta pots. and a bag of soap
shaped as lemons.
We've come a long way.
so please. where is your nicest hotel?
Look. in this town. hotel... no.
Only hostel.
But...
Okay. for you. I have room. two beds.
-For tonight. €12.
-Oh.
Okay.
-Ah. gracias.
-Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
Okay. And...
I give you these.
-Best friend charms because...
-Ah.
You are best friends. no?
Okay.
Vámonos. We go.
- The step is. uh. broken.
-Ooh!
So. careful on the stairs.
We have community bathrooms to the left...
-Did you just see that?
-What?
He winked at you. You should. you know...
You know what?
Well. how long is it
since you've had sex with David?
-I am not answering that.
-Months?
Years?
Stop. I am not talking about this.
I mean. uh...
People get older. and-and they stop
having so much...
intimacy.
I mean. when was the last time
you had sex?
Thursday.
Thursday?
Okay. so here we go.
You... said we were in a room
with two beds.
Sí.
One bed ahí. One bed ahí.
Two beds and... 11 other beds.
So. welcome. and. uh. enjoy.
This is gross.
Well. at least no one knows we're here.
This Thursday?
Is that it?
Do you know what would happen
if I got caught?
Then don't get caught.
Let's go get our money back.
We haven't even started yet.
Please! Are you with the Albanians?
'Cause I'll get it sorted.
I-I will fix it.
No. Mr. Claybourne.
I'm not with the Albanians.
I-I... I'll tell you anything.
I-I know state secrets.
Um. I know about the prime minister.
I-I don't specifically know
any n-nuclear codes.
but I bet I could get some. all right?
I-I will tell you anything.
Tell me about your wife.
What? Debbie?
She has nothing to do with this.
Who is she?
She's my wife. Wh-What do you mean.
who is she? What's the question?
-Who does your wife work for?
-Um...
She. um. well.
she works for me. I suppose.
She. um. writes the speeches
and she does the calendar.
I-I don't know.
she-she looks after the kids.
She used to be a lawyer.
She. uh. she volunteers.
I mean. she doesn't work for anybody.
Okay.
No. no. no!
No!
I swear!
I saw her with Whiptail.
I saw Whiptail at your house.
Who the hell is Whiptail?
Oh. uh. you know her as Judith.
Judith?
What. from book club?
Judith isn't anybody.
She's an international assassin.
You've got this all wrong.
I'm telling you.
She's a forensic accountant!
No. she's an assassin.
And if she's on the run with your wife.
it means your wife is somebody.
I'm not stupid. Mr. Claybourne.
No. This has all been some terrible
mistake. Okay? They are just friends.
No. Mr. Claybourne.
Whiptail doesn't have any friends.
I swear to you. They do book club.
they go to antique fairs.
Yeah. as a cover.
What are they really doing?
It's the truth.
They're just friends.
-Oh!
-Liar.
Oh. no!
They've been friends for. like. 20 years.
She was there for the birth of my kids.
My whole marriage.
the woman has always been there.
They're best friends.
Okay. so we know Billy Donovan's house
is somewhere in a five-mile radius.
But he could be anywhere. so
what do you normally do now?
Well. normally.
I'd have a whole support team.
Hiding is a skill.
It requires every inch of patience.
Do you think Billy's got that?
No. he'll be bored out of his mind.
He'll want to feel alive.
Okay. so...
we're looking for bars. restaurants...
We're looking for…
Nightclubs.
Excuse me.
Do you know this man?
-What? Oh...
-Sorry.
sorry. sorry. sorry. me again.
Was this man at the nightclub last night?
No.
Who are you? Is that-is that my phone?
Did you unlock it with my face
while I was sleeping?
That's so invasive.
-Hey. man. what's happening?
-This person's violating my phone.
I didn't mean to.
-That's incredibly uncool.
-It wasn't like that.
-I promise.
-Sorry. um. are you okay?
-She's asking about a man.
-A man? What man?
Lady. what do you want?
Yeah. what do you want?
Okay. guys. this is a sanctuary. and
you guys are bringing really bad vibes.
-Mm-hmm.
Wh… He-He's. uh...
my ex-husband.
and he's stolen a lot of money.
and he's run off with it.
and he's got me in trouble
with some very bad people.
And when she confronted him about it.
he texted her.
"The less you know the better."
Oh...
And tell them how he asked for a divorce.
He told me he wanted a divorce
as we were going in to a party.
Right?
Illegal.
True.
So. we've managed
to track him here to this town.
and I know he'll want to party.
He'll have gone to restaurants.
bars. nightclubs.
I know someone in this town
had to have seen him.
Show me.
-Natalie. get the Instagram up for Bar 21.
-On it.
Emilie. search that paella place
where you can bring your own beer.
Slay.
I'll check the Snapchat
for the party boat on the river.
Increasing my age bracket on Tinder
and reducing to a five-mile radius.
Got a possible visual match
in the background of a video
from that underground bar.
Whoa. whoa. wait. That's him.
Wh-Where is this place? Can you zoom in?
Let's do a reverse image search
on that wallpaper.
I've got Tripadvisor.
-I'll call Chloe.
-Great.
I didn't see him. but let me put it
on my WhatsApp group.
I just heard your message.
I didn't see him.
but I can ask this girl
I met in the toilet.
Oh. my God. Hi.
Wait. wait. wait.
I found something.
That's Giovanni's Night Club.
Searching Instagram
for posts tagging Giovanni's.
I'm getting that travel blog girl.
Oh. yeah. I know him.
It's-it's. uh. Donnie. He sold me some
unbelievably good drugs.
Do you still have his number?
Hang on. let me check.
Guys.
We got him.
That's what I'm talking about.
-Night.
-Good night.
Thank you. Thanks. Sorry.
-Come on.
-Oh. wow.
Text him. um... pretend to be that girl...
"Meet me tonight
at the club.
Bring more drugs."
He's coming. He's in. We're doing this.
Hey Sébastian. look at this.
Oh. Lieutenant.
Detective.
I got assigned to the homicide
this morning.
Uh. from the car park. I found this.
There was a car idling.
the plates were fake.
But I ran the fingerprints on this.
and they belong
to a man named Spiro Kreshnik.
Kreshnik. as in...
As in Ergon Kreshnik's son.
The Albanian mob
were at the train station this morning.
Fuck. What do they want?
I have no idea.
And there's one more thing.
Was it him?
We agreed we would
keep things professional at work.
We also agreed to be faithful.
so I guess sometimes
we don't keep our promises.
You said there was one more thing.
Ouais. The victim. The guy on the train.
He doesn't have any fingerprints.
You mean he didn't
leave any fingerprints at the scene?
No. As in. he doesn't
have any fingerprints...
…at all.
Queenie. tell me you got something.
Sorry. there's nothing here.
Are you sure?
No. There's no prints on the mug.
only yours.
Look. I'm telling you. she picked up
the mug with her bare hands. swear to God.
Now. there are some smudges
from where she held it. and
I can see the outline of her fingers. but
no ridges. no whorls.
Sam... she hasn't got any fingerprints.
Oh. my God.
She's one of ours.
-No.
-What?
You're not wearing a scarf to a nightclub.
You look amazing.
Hey.
It's okay to be nervous.
I'm not nervous.
But I-I... I could...
hear the plan one more time.
Okay. We go to the club.
Billy arrives.
I follow him into the bathroom.
He's dazzled by my enticing wig.
You guard the door.
I drug him.
We take him outside.
into the back alley.
and we get the information we need.
Okay.
-Ready?
-Ready.
♪ I make this look good ♪
♪ Watch me like you should.
I make this look good ♪
♪ I make this look good.
♪ Watch me like you should.
I make this look good ♪♪
Um... Excuse me. A-Are you open?
I mean. technically. yes. but...
things don't really get going till 2:00.
-A.M.?
-Mm-hmm.
Jesus Christ.
Stop looking around.
Well. how are we going to check the door?
Oh.
How do you... how do you
know how to do all this?
You just made chloroform
out of nail polish remover.
-Oh. my God.
-It's training.
Well. what else did they t...
did they teach you?
Everything.
It took years.
They used to...
teach us how to fight underwater
with our hands tied behind our backs.
fight blindfolded.
It's all about improvising.
Using your environment.
How do you even start
to learn something like that?
It started as a government program.
in the beginning.
You know. like. covert operations.
And then. when that shut down.
they branched out on their own. and...
I was one of the first people
he recruited.
Who-who is he?
My... boss.
And how old were you?
I was 15.
Fifteen i-i… i-isn't a boss.
It's a parent.
I suppose he was.
We. um...
we used to have to go to this. um.
training academy.
I mean. weren't you scared?
No.
Felt amazing.
Felt like coming home.
And this man
wants to retire you?
You can't retire your children.
You're supposed to love them.
Well. that's the thing.
We're not allowed to love people.
-That's the rules.
-You're not supposed to love people?
Buenas noches. senoritas. Hola.
Heard you are looking to...
score.
Oh... gosh. uh. no.
No. thank you.
-Hm?
-We-we. uh.
we made a commitment to a. uh.
-another retailer.
-Yeah.
-Donnie. was it?
-Donnie.
-Um. I know Donnie.
-Ah.
-He's this way.
Let's go.
-Hello.
-Hey.
So. how much you ladies need?
Gram or gram and a half?
Oh. we're good.
Actually. we were just looking for Donnie.
Okay. here's the thing. Um...
You want drugs in this town.
you come to us. okay?
And Donnie fucking knows that.
Well. like I said. we're all good.
Um...
we'll-we'll take a... quarter
of a gram. What-What's
the smallest amount we can buy?
Nah. you're gonna want more than that.
This is good gear.
Free sample.
Free? What is it?
What do you mean "what is it"?
It's fucking cocaine.
Oh. right. okay. Uh. I'm good.
-Thank you. I'm good.
-Wait.
So. you come in here.
you insist on buying from Donnie.
and then you turn down free drugs?
So you guys are cops or something?
-No.
-Uh. no.
Okay. you know. because...
I don't like Donnie.
But I hate cops even more.
-Oh. no. we're not the police.
-We're not-we're not the police.
-No. Yes.
-We're not the police.
Yeah. So. hm. then...
Do the line. you know?
I don't think she will.
♪ Here we go. here we go.
here we go. here we go ♪
♪ Here we go. here we go...
Lovely. Um...
we'll buy some.
What the hell was that?
I could've taken them.
And I said no more killing.
Besides.
and then we would've gotten
thrown out and missed our...
chance to get to Billy Donovan.
Should it feel so hot
at the back of my throat? Oh.
-Hi.
-Hi!
You look amazing.
Thank you.
Do you want to dance?
Oh. no. no. Uh...
-We-we have a meeting in...
-No.
Blend in.
Blend in?
I'm blending in.
♪ Did a full 180. crazy ♪
♪ Thinking 'bout the way I was ♪
♪ Did the heartbreak change me? ♪
♪ Maybe ♪
♪ but look at where I ended up ♪
♪ I'm all good already ♪
♪ So moved on. it's scary ♪
♪ I'm not where you left me at all...
Let me see
some of these moves again.
-♪ Don't show up ♪
-♪ Don't come out ♪
♪ Don't come out ♪
-♪ Don't start caring about me now ♪
-♪ About me now ♪
-♪ Walk away ♪
-♪ You know how ♪
♪ Don't start caring about me now...
-Ooh...
-Bodhi's super into you.
Really? Well. I'm. uh...
kind of married.
Babe. literally who cares?
Monogamy's dead.
I'm in a bisexual throuple
with a magician.
I'm poly.
Nice to meet you. Poly. I'm Debbie.
I got to go.
Excuse me.
Oh. oh. sorry. sorry. It's out of order.
It's out of order.
You can't go in.
What the fuck
are you doing here? Get out.
We're here for him.
Lads. I'm not dealing. I just
occasionally sell to hot girls.
that's all.
She'll be okay. She'll be okay.
She'll be okay.
Didn't you hear? Get lost.
She trained underwater.
She-she-she trained... blindfolded.
Blindfolded.
Hey. hey. You don't move.
And you. fuck off.
Light! Light! Get a fucking light!
Billy.
Mrs. Claybourne? What are you doing here?
No.
-What happened?
-I used the environment.
Fuck yeah! Right. get his keys.
Ready? Come on.
This is
the director's office.
-Is that the one?
-Yeah. that's it.
He keeps the agent records in a safe.
You sure you know what you're doing?
Trust me. I've got this.
Okay. write these down.
-Sixteen.
-Um... yeah.
Thirty-one.
Three.
Ten.
Ninety-four.
Okay. that's it. Jackpot.
-Come on. come on.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
The files of every single operative
in the agency.
So. if she's one of ours. she'll be here.
Okay.
This is my house.
How'd you find it?
You left your address
programmed into the GPS.
Are you wearing my jacket?
Tell me about my husband.
Well. he's an idiot
who got himself killed.
He's not dead.
That piece of shit.
Did you or did you not
help him fake his death?
When did you start working together?
How did the Albanians get involved?
How could David have possibly
have stolen £24 million?
I-I think maybe go for one question.
Yeah. when I interrogate. I like to just
choose one thing
and lead with that. you know?
I've have a bit of cocaine.
When did this start?
About three years ago.
I'm just a middleman.
I connect people with power.
like our mutual friend. your husband.
with...
people with specialist interests
in that power. that's all.
-Criminals.
-No. no.
Entrepreneurs
with a loose regard for the law.
What could he have been doing for you
that was worth £24 million?
No. that's the thing.
it wasn't even his money.
The Albanians gave it to him
so he could pay other people.
He was supposed to pay
a whole bunch of politicians.
To do what?
There's this port
right down in Southampton.
The Albanians are running
their drugs through it.
They're making five. 600 million a year.
real fucking money.
Then some dickhead comes up
with some bright idea
that they're gonna run
a train line through it.
Green energy's
gonna save the fucking planet
and all that bollocks.
Yeah. so the Albanians...
they go and paid David
-just to stop something called the. uh...
-Green Energy Transport Bill.
Your transport bill?
He let me do all that work...
to try to make something.
and behind my back. he was destroying it.
Uh. I need to...
-Let me take you back.
-No. no. You got your own questions.
I need to...
-I need to be alone right now.
-Deb. wait.
-I'll be fine.
-What the fuck?
Should've known you were trying to kill me
the first time I laid eyes on you.
No one that good looking
comes to a fucking water relief gala.
We could've been something. me and you.
If we'd have met
under different circumstances.
Another time. another life. eh?
Gonna make this quick.
You're gonna tell me who sent me this.
Who set me up?
What happened in that hotel room?
When David arrived
at the party. as arranged.
me. three of my men and him... we
met up in my hotel room.
Stood there discussing which testicle
the Albanians would make us eat
if this bill passes.
And then someone
started shooting.
I got out of there
as fast as I could.
I didn't see the shooter.
You didn't see who killed them?
-You didn't see who's after me?
-I'm sorry.
Looks like you came all this way
for nothing.
Not for nothing.
She's got to be here.
Come on. come on. come on.
Mum?
My mum
was an agency operative.
She was an assassin.
-That's the director.
-We got to go.
-No. no. she has to be in here.
-No. come on.
But she's not here.
Got her! Got her.
Code name Redback. Real name Ana.
It says she died five years ago
on a mission with Whiptail!
-Oh. my God. We have to tell Whiptail.
-Okay. okay. Sam.
-Come on.
-One second.
Okay.
Okay. come on.
♪ Sometimes. all I think about is you ♪
♪ Late nights in the middle of June ♪
♪ Heat waves been faking me out ♪
♪ Can't make you happier now ♪
♪ Usually. I put something on TV ♪
♪ so we never think about you and me ♪
♪ but today. I see our reflections...
Inspector Boucher.
♪ You just need a better life than this ♪
♪ You need something I can never give ♪
♪ Fake water all across the road ♪
♪ It's gone now. the night has come. but ♪
♪ Sometimes. all I think about is you.
late nights...
Oh. hi.
Hi.
-Good to see you.
♪ Can't make you happier now...
Hey. would you. um...
would you like
to get a drink with me tomorrow night?
Sorry. I-I... I can't.
Another time. maybe.
♪ Someone new...
Another life.
♪ You know it hurts me too...
Another time.
♪ I just wonder what you're dreaming of ♪
♪ when you sleep
and smile so comfortable ♪
♪ I just wish that I could give you that ♪
♪ that look that's perfectly un-sad ♪
♪ Sometimes. all I think about is you ♪
♪ Late nights in the middle of June ♪
♪ Heat waves been faking me out...
♪ Heat waves been faking me out ♪
♪ Sometimes. all I think about is you ♪
♪ Late nights in the middle of June ♪
♪ Heat waves been faking me out ♪
♪ Can't make you happier now ♪♪
Interpol.
I'm looking for these two women.
Does she know?
-Who?
-Your friend.
Mrs. Claybourne.
Does she know what you do?
Mostly.
She's got some real fucking cheek.
ain't she?
Getting all worked up about her husband
doing a bit of embezzling.
when then she got a friend
who kills people for a living.
-Well. she's only just found out.
-Yeah. well. she walked out of here
bold as brass
knowing you were gonna kill me.
And might she doesn't know. huh?
You gonna tell her?
I don't know.
You think you can just...
go back to the way things were.
before she knew?
Whew.
Debbie. Debbie.
-What? What is it?
-Debbie Claybourne.
Oh. my God. Oh. my…
Who is it?
Men who knew my husband.
I got to get out of here.
Wait. uh...
Debbie. this way.
There's a back staircase. Take my Vespa.
You don't need to do this. you know.
-Yes. I do.
-Why?
-Because it's my fucking job.
-No. you have a choice.
-Everyone has a choice.
-Yes. I'm making my choice.
I want to do it.
-I don't think you want to.
-Well. like you said.
we can never go back
to how we were before.
Gentlemen. how you doing today?
Hey. stop!
Interpol.
Is there a problem here?
This is who I am.
At least this way I keep my job.
Make a choice.
Her or me. Complete the job.
This is who I am.
No more lying.
And no more killing.
I don't want to adopt you.
But I would like to offer you
a scholarship.
Okay.
Fifteen isn't a boss.
It's a parent.
I loved you.
You broke my heart.
I'm sorry.
Judith.
The Albanians are here.
Outside the hostel.
-They found us.
-What?
-Wait. what about me?
Y-You can't leave me here.
They'll kill me.
After they come for me.
they're gonna come for you.
You owe these guys 24 million quid.
I know how we can get it back.
How?
Cut me loose.
Oh. God.
Wait. but...
you're gonna let me drive. though. right?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. slow down!
This is a Chevy Chevelle 1970. Be careful.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org